DoPR_Employee_Planning_0001:
name/Amanda Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0002:
name/Andrew Young
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0003:
name/Andrew Hill
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0004:
name/Michael Scott
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0005:
name/Amanda King
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0006:
name/Sarah Allen
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0007:
name/Amanda Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0008:
name/Emily Adams
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0009:
name/Jessica Hill
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0010:
name/Emily Scott
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0011:
name/Michael Walker
division/Social Media Management
position/Social Media Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0012:
name/Andrew Scott
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0013:
name/David Adams
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0014:
name/Andrew Adams
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0015:
name/Jessica Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0016:
name/Michael King
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0017:
name/Matthew Clark
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0018:
name/Matthew Adams
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0019:
name/Amanda Allen
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0020:
name/Andrew Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0021:
name/Michael Scott
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0022:
name/Matthew Young
division/Social Media Management
position/Content Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0023:
name/Jessica Clark
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0024:
name/Jessica Clark
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0025:
name/Daniel Young
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0026:
name/Andrew King
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0027:
name/Jessica Allen
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0028:
name/David Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0029:
name/Matthew Lewis
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0030:
name/Jessica Walker
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0031:
name/Michael Hill
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0032:
name/Andrew Hill
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0033:
name/Daniel Hill
division/Social Media Management
position/Campaign Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0034:
name/Andrew Walker
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0035:
name/Matthew King
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0036:
name/David Green
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0037:
name/Amanda Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0038:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0039:
name/Daniel Adams
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0040:
name/Michael Scott
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0041:
name/Daniel Scott
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0042:
name/Daniel Green
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0043:
name/Daniel Allen
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0044:
name/David Walker
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Logistics Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0045:
name/Sarah Allen
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0046:
name/Daniel Adams
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0047:
name/Emily Hill
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0048:
name/Matthew Scott
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0049:
name/Michael Clark
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0050:
name/Andrew Hill
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0051:
name/Matthew Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0052:
name/David Lewis
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0053:
name/Michael Walker
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0054:
name/Michael Allen
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0055:
name/Amanda King
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Event Scheduler
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0056:
name/Ashley Adams
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0057:
name/Andrew Walker
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0058:
name/Jessica Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0059:
name/Amanda King
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0060:
name/Andrew Scott
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0061:
name/David Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0062:
name/Amanda Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0063:
name/Jessica Adams
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0064:
name/Emily Hill
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0065:
name/Emily Young
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0066:
name/Andrew Green
division/Publicity Event Planning
position/Vendor Liaison
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0067:
name/Daniel Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0068:
name/Ashley Allen
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0069:
name/Amanda Allen
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0070:
name/David Walker
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0071:
name/David Walker
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0072:
name/Daniel Adams
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0073:
name/Daniel Young
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0074:
name/Sarah Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0075:
name/Michael Green
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0076:
name/Daniel Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0077:
name/David Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Brand Strategist
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0078:
name/Sarah Green
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0079:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0080:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0081:
name/Andrew Adams
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0082:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0083:
name/Matthew Young
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0084:
name/David King
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0085:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0086:
name/Jessica Green
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0087:
name/Andrew Allen
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0088:
name/Matthew Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Creative Planner
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0089:
name/Andrew King
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0090:
name/David Young
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/2
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0091:
name/Michael Green
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.1
yearsOfExperience/3
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0092:
name/Michael Green
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/4
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0093:
name/Matthew Allen
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.2
yearsOfExperience/5
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0094:
name/Sarah Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/6
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0095:
name/Amanda Walker
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.3
yearsOfExperience/7
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0096:
name/David Allen
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/8
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0097:
name/Michael Hill
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.4
yearsOfExperience/9
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0098:
name/Amanda Scott
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.5
yearsOfExperience/10
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

DoPR_Employee_Planning_0099:
name/Ashley Clark
division/Brand Development
position/Engagement Coordinator
department/Department of Public Relations
rating/4.0
yearsOfExperience/1
previousAssignment/free
currentAssignment/free

